At $77,540,000.
At $22,500, $45,000.
$47,570,000.
At $55,000.
$55,000.
$50,000.
At $60,000.
At $50,000.
$55,000.
$70,000.
At $70,000.
on the island 70 thousand dollars now
At $180,000, that's $190,000.
At $190,000, that's $200,000, that's $210,000.
$240,000.
$250,000.
$260,000.
$270,000.
$280,000.
$290,000.
$300,000 on the telephone.
$310,000.
$320,000.
$330,000.
340, 350, 360, 370, that's 370,000 on my left, 370,000, 380,000 on a new telephone, 390,000, that's 390,000 on a new telephone
At 450,000, at 460,000, at 470,000, at 470,000, 480,000, 490,000, at 500,000, at 525,000.
That's $525,000, $550,000, $575,000.
That's $575,600,000.
$625,000.
That's $625,000.
$650,000.
$675,000.
That's 725,750,000, 775,000.
That's 775,800,000 dollars, 825,000.
At 825,000.
850,000.
875,000.
At 875, 900,000.
925,000.
At 925,000 dollars now.
At 950,000 dollars.
975,000 dollars.
At 975,000, 1 million dollars on the telephone, 1,050,000.
At 1,050,000.
At 1,050,000, 1,100,000.
1,150,000.
At 1,150,000.
At 1,200,000.
At 1,250,000.
At 1,300,000.
At 1,300,000 dollars on the telephone.
1,350,000 in every place.
At 1,350,000.
At 1,450,000.
One million six hundred thousand.
One million six hundred and fifty thousand.
One million... One million seven hundred thousand.
One million seven hundred and fifty thousand.
And one million seven hundred and fifty thousand.
at $1,750,000 then.
It's on the center aisle at $1,750,000 against the telephone, against the telephone then, at $1,750,000 in the room on the aisle.
$1,750,000.
Meg's brought it.
Love, 33, 34,
At 19,000 dollars on my left, at 19,000 dollars.
At 19,000 dollars, 20,000 dollars, now being 20.
21.
At 21,000 dollars on the island, 21,000.
That's two.
Three.
Four.
24,000 dollars on the center of the river, 24,000.
At 24,000, five.
Six.
Twenty-six thousand in the center, that is twenty-six thousand dollars in the range of seven, which is eight.
Twenty-eight thousand meaning nine.
Twenty-thousand, fifty-one.
Twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the range of seven, which is eight.
Twenty-eight thousand meaning nine.
Twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-thousand dollars in the center, that is twenty-th
And when he bounced over the list, when he bounced over the list,
$45,000.
$47,500.
$50,000.
$55,000.
$60,000.
$70,000.
and $75,000 and $80,000, $85,000 and $85,000 now, but these $85,000, is there any advance?
Then they raised $85,000 and $85,000 and on the aisle, $85,000.
Bell warning.
And yes, $5,000.
Matter number 3356, the channel,
And I have 15,000, so listen, 15,000, 16,000, 20,000, 18,000, 19,000, 20,000, 21,000, 23,000, 23,000, add $33,000, now doing it 24,000, add $35,000, $36,000, $37,000, $28,000, $29,000, add $30,000, $36,500, $35,000, $37,500, $40,000.
Father, look at all the same for me in the room.
This chapter there are people playing on us.
At $70,000 now it's on the telephone.
At $70,000 now getting a $70,000, is there any advance?
$70,000 is on the telephone then at $70,000, $75,000.
$80,000.
At $80,000 then on the phone.
at $80,000, then on the telephone at $80,000, fair warning now, at $80,000, fair warning.
$80,000, and that's the telephone.
Law number 33, 57.
And I said $10,000, so this is the $10,000 number being at $10,000.
$4,000, $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $16,000, $15,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000 now, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000,
$24,000 against you all, the absence bidder is $24,000 now.
$25,000, $26,000.
At $26,000, the absence bidder.
At $26,000 now, believe in $26,000.
At $26,000, that is for any absence, $27,000.
$28,000.
Twenty-nine thousand.
You look right here, twenty-nine thousand.
That's twenty-nine thousand dollars.
Twenty-nine thousand dollars.
Forty-nine thousand dollars.
Lot number 33 and 58.
After that 20,000 dollars, 20,000 dollars, 20,000 dollars, 20,000 dollars, 22,000 dollars,
$50,000, $50,000, $50,000, $50,000, $55,000, $55,000 now.
$70,000 on the right now, $70,000.
$85,000 up front.
That's $85,000.
It's up right now.
$85,000.
You're not wanting that at $85,000.
File number 3359 from La Valtaine, 3359.
That's $350,000.
370, 380, 380, 380, 390, 400, 411, 120, 430, 440, 450, 450,
$450,000 $450,000 $450,000 $450,000 $450,000 $450,000 number 38
Last number 3360.
And I have $15,000 also, $15,000, $60,000, $70,000, $18,000, and $18,000 also, $18,000, and $18,000 also, $18,000, and $18,000 also, $18,000, and $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000, and $21,000, $22,000, and $22,000 also, $22,000.
at $22,000, at $22,000 on the telephone, at $22,000, at $22,000, there's a trademark of the $22,000, that one then on the show, at $22,000.
Telephone, $22,000.
Lot number 3351 continues to find things and find things.
These are the big money boys.
We're going to go for a while.
at $50,000 at $50,000 at $50,000 at $55,000 at $55,000
5,000, 8,000.
Lord number 13, 4, 45.
And at 5,000 dollars, this is 5,000 dollars, this is 5,000 dollars, this is 6,000 dollars, this is 7,000 dollars, this is 7,000 dollars
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 2000, 250, 500, 750,
$4,000, $4,250, $4,500, $4,750, $5,000, $5,500, $6,000, $6,000 on the telephone, $6,000 on the telephone.
Telephone, $6,000 on the telephone.
At $0.6244.
That's $5,000.
That's $9,000.
11,000 up here now, 11,000 lower now.
12,000 lower, 11,000 lower.
And 11,000 lower their way down 11,000 lower.
It's not.
$134,000 and $134,000
Mark, number 37, the wealth of nations.
And $8,000 goes to this.
$8,000 goes now $9,000, $7,000, $11,000, $12,000, $13,000 goes now $13,000 and $8,000, $14,000, $15,000, $16,000.
This is up right now $16,000, $17,000, $18,000.
At $18,000 goes now $19,000, $20,000, $18,000.
$20,000 is up on the right right, $20,000.
And $20,000 will be $1,000 and $2,000.
And $82,000 in the room.
And $22,000 in the room, $22,000 in the room.
$9,000.
Mark number 2498 and I have five results of this, five results, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred thousand, eleven, twelve hundred, thirteen, fourteen million euros, fifteen million euros, seventeen, eighteen million euros, nineteen thousand euros, forty fifty, forty five hundred, forty fifty, forty thousand euros, forty fifty, forty five hundred, forty thousand euros, forty fifty, forty five hundred, fifty thousand euros.
$3,500, $6,750, $4,000 in the order, and $4,000 now the afternoon today, $4,000, $4,250 on my left now, and $4,250 on the left, $4,500 now, $4,750, and $4,750 now on my left, and $4,750 will prove that one, $5,500, $5,500, that's $5,500, $5,500,
41.
Mark number 79.
i believe there are a list of options one week it's part four is the same and somewhat effective we're having a bit with two quarters of this activity some of that's what we're going to do
5,500, 6,000, 500.
7,500.
8,500.
9,500.
10,000.
11,000.
12,000.
13,000 standards, 14,000.
That's 14,000 dollars now, but here's 14,000.
I have 14,000 dollars now, 14,000 dollars.
14,000 dollars on the earth.
Now to celebrate 14,000 dollars.
not under $3,500, about $3,500, and I have $800, $800, $7,800, $1,000, $1,240, $1,240
2100, 2200, 2100 old stars now, 2100 and he has gone, 2100, 2200, 2200 old now, in the world, 2200.
2200, stand out, this number, what's it here?
Not 135, I was gone.
And I have told you all this, $300, $700, $200, $700, $200, $200, $300, $400, $500, $500, $600, $700
I don't know about that.
Yes, it's $3,000.
And I have $2,000 with this, $2,000 now being in $3,000.
I have $2,000 any fund for $3,000.
I have $2,000 now being in $3,000.
I have $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,500, $3,000, $3,000.
$3,000 in the absentee bed is $3,000.
At $3,000 in any fund it was $3,000.
$3,000.
Thank you all very much.
but I don't think I'm going to do.
And I have a thousand dollars for this.
$1,000, $1,000, $1,000
The law is 35, 93, and I have a thousand dollars, a little, a thousand dollars now, a thousand, and 8,000, 1,000, 1,000, 1,000
1,500, 1,500, 1,500, 1,500, 1,500, 1,500
That's number 80.
The law number 35-95.
And I pointed out the list that pointed out on 500, 600, 650, 650, and 8 across to 650, 700, 700, right eye, 700, and 8 across to the 7, 700, right eye.
58.
Law number 35-96.
$100, $100, $150, $150, $150, $150, $150.
You are number 35, 97.
I have $60 to the list, 87, 800, 900, 900, 900, 900
The number, number two?
Yes, thank you.
A lot of them were thirty-five by the age, and one of them is the reason to do that.
But a lot of them were thirty-five by the age.
And I had twenty dollars, and this is still
Four in those, I believe it's one, four in those, that's on my wife, five hundred years, five thousand years, five thousand years, six hundred dollars, all that stuff.
That's where it's a day.
Now I've got three six hundred, and I've got a rock star in my wife,
Yeah, thirty-five times nine.
Thirty-five times nine and I have got, I have cleared off the list, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, a thousand, eleven, four hundred, thirty hundred.
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 17, 18, 18, 19, 16, 17, 17, 500, 17
What if that is self-sacrifice?
That's $1,500.
$1,500.
Log 3601.
Please note, not all published.
And I have 35 dollars on the list.
You can see, you can see any advances, you can see.
250, you believe you can see any advances, you can see 300.
We have a total of 300.
100, and that's how it should be today.
5,000, 6,500, 7,000, 7,500, 8,000, 7,000, 8,000, 8,500, 9,000, 9,500, 10,000, 11,000,
$12,000, $13,000, $14,000, and $14,000 standing $14,000 any amount of $14,000.
Six $14,000.
Last, we prefer three.
The $3,600 was me, the $300 was the Jacob Blake.
And I have $400,000 of this, $400,000 of this, $400,000 of this, $400,000 of this, $400,000 of this, $500,000 of this, $600,000 of this, $600,000 of this, $700,000 of this, $800,000 of this, $800,000 of this
$100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $200,000, $200,000, $250,000, $300,000, $350,000, $350,000, $350,000, $350,000, $350,000
And so this is $700,000, $300,000, $300,000, $400,000, $400,000, $400,000, $400,000, $500,000, $600,000, $600,000, $700,000, $700,000, $700,000, $900,000, $900,000, $123,000.
Last week it was seven, and I have a hundred dollars, so this is a hundred dollars, now it's a hundred, it's not that I have a hundred.
One fifty order, one fifty, two fifty order, two fifty, two fifty, last thirty, two fifty, two fifty.
Now, this is the way.
Around the doctors, one thousand dollars, one thousand dollars, one thousand dollars, one thousand dollars, one thousand dollars, two hundred, two thousand dollars, two thousand dollars, two thousand dollars, three thousand dollars, four thousand dollars, four thousand dollars, five thousand dollars, five thousand dollars, five thousand dollars, and that's the day.
Now, this is the line.
As $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $300 for this, $400 for this, $400 for this
Lot 3610, and we have 100 dollars for this, 100 dollars now, 100 dollars, 200 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars
And I have $6,000, $2,000, $7,000, $7,000, $8,000, $9,000, $10,000, $11,000, $12,000, $30,000, $40,000, $50,000, $15,000, $15,000, $15,000, $15,000.
that's $58,000, that's $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000, $25,000, that's $25,000 dollars, that's $25,000 dollars, that's $25,000 dollars right now, that's $26,000 dollars.
$26,000 dollars.
Mark number 3612.
$1,000.
$1,000 now.
$1,100.
$1,200, $1,300, $1,400, $1,300, $1,600.
$1,600 down on the left, $1,600, not close.
$1,600 down here, $1,600.
Where's one?
$1,600.
The mark number 36 was free.
And I have $40, this is $40.74 and $40 now across the catalog, $500, $600, $700, and $700.77.
Up front, $700 in the front, and $700 in their water.
$800, $900, $900, still front, $900.
$400, $200.
Now I'm going to read this one more, and I have $70 for this, $200, $300, $70, $300, $300, $400, $500, $600, $500, $600.
700, 800, 900, 1000, 11, 12, 13, 14,
40 front row, 70s, 50s, 70s, 80s, 90s, 2000s, 31s, 2100 down the way.
And 2100 dollars, very well.
2100 dollars, 22.
Life number 36, 16.
And I have $2.99, $2.99, $2.99
My number is 6.7 and I have 200 dollars on this, 200 dollars on me in 200 order, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 700 dollars now, 800, 900, 1000, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15,
$1,500 on my list, $1,700, $1,700, $1,700 on my list, $1,700 on my list, $1,700 on my list
And I have turned it over to this, I have turned it over to this, I have turned it over to this, two hundred, three hundred, and he has not turned to three hundred, four hundred, four hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred.
Now number three, two and nine,
As I have been over the loop, there's about 1,300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 800, 800, 800, 900, 1000,
1,000, 1,100, 1,100, 1,100, 1,100, 1,100
In my place it's two hours and I have questions over this, you have to ask me if I could do 250, 250, 300, 250, 400, 400, 400, 400, 400, 400, 400, 500, 500, 500
Now at the 361, and I said it's all good, it's $20, and it costs it to $200, and it costs $260, $260, $250, $250, $250, $250
Last was 66.2.
And I had $250 on this, $250.
$250, any time?
$250, $300.
$1,300.
$300.
$250.
$350.
On my left, $350.
$400.
Standing in the back, $400.
$450.
On my left, $450.
$936.
$23.
And I've been involved with this, I've been involved with something in 300.
I've been involved with something in 300, if it's not in 300, 400, 500, 200, 700, 800, 900.
After this it is 900 dollars, if it's not in 900 dollars.
Now I have the $36.24.
I have $40.00.
Now it's $40.00.
Now it's $50.00.
Now
And I have $20.00 for this, $200.00, $200.00
Life is 37, and I have $30.00 for this $30.72, $30.300, $400, I have to be there $400, $500, $500, that's not what the size is, that's not.
Life is 38, and $30.00 for the list, $30.72, that's not what the size is, that's not.
Not ten weeks for nine, I've said it all through this, it's going to go about 1,200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000,
1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
two, three, four, five, six, seven, twenty seven hundred dollars per price.
Twenty seven hundred dollars per price.
One hundred, two, nine hundred, twenty six thirty.
And I have $100, $100, $170, $150 now, $150, $200, $200, $200 now, several hours, $200.
$200, $25.
Lot number, $36, $21.
And $100, $100, $100, $100, $200, $250 as well.
250, 300, 270, 400, 450, 500, 550, 6, 70, 7, 70, 8, 70, 9, 70, 1000, 12, 13, 14, 15, 15, 17, 18, 19, 2000, and 1, 2100 up here, 2200, 2300, 2400,
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 2,000, 3,000, it's front row, 3,000 dollars.
That's only 2,000 dollars.
Now I'm going to do this for you, and I want to talk to the list, it's $1,245, 6, 7, 800, we get some more, 9,000, 11, I promise, 11, 7, 12, and 7.
14, 15, 16, 17, 17, 18, 19, 2000, in 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 30, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3,
926, 33, and I have $40 of the limit, $40.75, $1.75, $2.70, $1.77, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70, $1.70.
In 1936, 34, where I have 8,000 dollars for this, 8,900, 1,000, 8,000 dollars, 8,000, 1,000, 11, 12, 14, 13, 14, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15
$1,900, $1,900, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000
And I have $400, $400, $400, now $500, $600, $800, $700, $800, $900, now $900, $900, now $900, now $900, now $500, now $500, now $500, now $500, now $500, now $500.
And I know $300 for living, $300 for living, $300 for living, $300 for living
As I have $50 for this, $307,200 and it comes to $200.
$200, now being $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250.
$400 and it comes to reform.
Lot 66, 38, 259, 365, 300, 365, 365, 365, 400, 150, 500, 150, 600, 700, 700, 700 dollars, 700 dollars, 500 dollars, 500 dollars, 500 dollars, 700 dollars, 700 dollars, 700 dollars
There are eight thousand dollars of riches, eight thousand dollars
Now I have $50.40, and I have $40.40, $1.70, $400, $20.90, $400, $1.70, $400, $500, $5.50
5,000 dollars.
6,000 dollars.
7,000 dollars.
8,000 dollars.
Mark number 36.1, and I created our list of P.S.R.
1,300.
As P.S.R.
1,300 in response to P.S.R.
1,300, P.S.R.
1,500, P.S.R.
936.42.
And I don't know if this is 456, if I was 456, if I was 456, if I was 456, if I was 456
And that's why we know, so this is $5.75, if not, $5 to $6 to $7 to $8 to $8 to $9 to $1,000, and that's for yours, $12, $1,000
Lord number 36.4, and $6.50, $6.76, $7.800, $9.10, $9.99, $9.99, $9.99,
2.5, 3.6, and 3.3, 3.4, 4.50, 4.50, 4.50.
$136 for your service, $100 for your service somewhere, $100 for your service somewhere, $100 for your service somewhere
Up here is nine hundred dollars, but it comes in now.
Nine hundred, nine hundred.
You see.
Lot, now go out, but it's just going now, right?
It's going now.
And some of you know, some of you, some of you
100, 100 years.
Life is 650, and I'm getting over this, you know, I don't know how many times you know, you have a five-minute, six hundred dollars, seven hundred dollars, six hundred dollars, six hundred dollars, six hundred dollars.
It's hundred and that's what I'm going to be doing, and that's what I'm going to be doing.
Not hundred and five.
The six by one, six by one, as I have pointed out on the list, one in our country, four, five, six, seven, eight, seven, eight, nine, one thousand years, again four, one thousand, and the teacher, one thousand.
It's all good.
922, and I'm going to go to the list of $200 up there, $800,000, $300,000, $400,000, $500,000, $700,000, $700,000, $800,000, $900,000, $700,000.
And that is for 1,200 words.
1,200 is not yours, we have to do it.
13, 14, we have to do it.
17, 18, we have to do it.
18, we have to do it.
and $600, $600, $600, $600, $600, $600, $700, $700, $900, $900, $900 $100, $900, $100, $100
11,000 of that, we are now.
100 years.
And I have $3,000 on the list, $3,000, I take $2,000.
How many $3,500?
$5,500?
$4,000?
$5,000?
$1,000.
$1,400.
$1,400
2,750 front row, 3,000, 3,250.
3,250, no front row, 3,250, no, 3,250, 3,250.
Lot number 3,6, 5,6, 5,6, 5,6, 5,6, 5,6, 5,6, 5,6
Last number 36, 57, and I took over to this, $200, $200, $200
$400,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000, $250,000
And I had around 250 others to invest here.
It's not just 300.
We have standing now, 300.
300 dollars.
It's not just 300 dollars.
There we go.
Thank you.
Two to six.
The last number three, this is one.
And I have 40 dollars for this.
It's 40 dollars.
It's 400 dollars.
400 dollars.
500 dollars.
We have five.
Last of those 362, as I did not deliver so long, I think it's 100,000, 400, 200,000, 400,000, all you know is that 500, 600,000, 600,000, 600,000